sneak attack
Did big brother do it?
Leave the fire and take it quickly
So slippery
Dare to sneak attack my big brother
You and I are not related
Why sneak attack
You die as you wish
My undercover mission is structurally urgent, bro
I know you.
I want to hang out with you
What's your name?
Weedkiller bee
Ah!
The fortune teller says that I will be successful in one go
But I don't agree.
I think coming out
Whether you live or die, you have to decide for yourself
crazy
How do you choose? You pick.
Brother, I'm with you.
Thank you, Hangmao
I want to find a lonely old ambassador in my next life
Not good, it was a road network appointment three years ago
He knows who I am
The eldest brothers have contracted the Emerald Pearl Hotel
Give you the wind and dust
This is the second master
This is the younger brother who just received the big brother inside.
Brother, I just came out, I want to go home and have a look.
See you later see you later
Why do I seem to have seen him somewhere?
Xiaoqiang, look for someone to watch
Yes
Emergency Peace Hotel to meet Qianlong